---
layout: default
title: joining
permalink: /joining/
description: 
nav: true
horizontal: true
---



<hr />


<p style="margin-bottom:0.8cm"> </p>





#### **Ph.D. Positions**

<p style="margin-bottom:0.6cm"> </p>

The IRIS lab is constantly seeking outstanding **Ph.D. applicants** interested in one of the following research topics:


##### **Research Topics**
- Robot learning and control with human-in-the-loop
- Learning and control for dexterous manipulation
- Fundamental research  in robot control and planning, or/and machine learning.

<p style="margin-bottom:0.6cm"> </p>

##### **Basic Requirement**
- Strong passion and desire to solve challenging problems
- Master degree in ME, EE, or CS, with outstanding academic performance
- Strong analytical and coding skills
- Good communication skills in both written and spoken English

<p style="margin-bottom:0.6cm"> </p>

##### **Desired Skills**
- Knowledge of robotics, controls, planning, and machine learning
- Knowledge of optimization and linear algebra
- Experience in machine learning or computer vision, proficient in learning frameworks (e.g., PyTorch)
- Experience in robot programming, especially with Python and C++

<p style="margin-bottom:0.6cm"> </p>


##### **How to Apply (applying for one of the following two programs)**

<p style="margin-bottom:0.6cm"> </p>

- **Apply for ME PhD Program:** Interested applicants can apply for ASU Mechanical Engineering PhD Program via [https://semte.engineering.asu.edu/mechanical-graduate/](https://semte.engineering.asu.edu/mechanical-graduate/){:target="_blank"} and indicate Dr. [Wanxin Jin](https://wanxnijin.github.io){:target="_blank"} as your prospective supervisor in your statement of purpose and application form.



- **Apply for EE PhD Program** Interested applicants can also apply for ASU Electrical Engineering PhD Program via [https://degrees.apps.asu.edu/masters-phd/major/ASU00/ESEEPHD/electrical-engineering-phd](https://degrees.apps.asu.edu/masters-phd/major/ASU00/ESEEPHD/electrical-engineering-phd){:target="_blank"} and indicate Dr. [Wanxin Jin](https://wanxnijin.github.io){:target="_blank"} as your prospective supervisor in your statement of purpose and application form.


- **Note that ASU ME PhD Program has the Deficiency Policy, which requires any non-ME undergraduate background student, admitted in ME PhD program, to take ME undergraduate courses (usually 3 courses) in addition to their graduate course requirement. Therefore, any student with non-ME undergraduate backgrounds is  encouarged to apply for EE PhD Program in order to join my group and avoid the Deficiency Policy.**

- You are strongly encouaged to contact me via email (wanxin.jin@asu.edu) beforhand to discuss your credentials and application.




<p style="margin-bottom:2.0cm"> </p>


<hr />


<p style="margin-bottom:2.0cm"> </p>


#### **For General Graduate Students at ASU**

<p style="margin-bottom:0.6cm"> </p>

We are always seeking self-motivated, passionate, and committed undergraduates and graduates to join our lab. Prospective members should have completed coursework or have project experience in one or more of the following areas:

- Robotics, dynamics, and controls
- Machine learning and computer vision (proficient in PyTorch/TensorFlow frameworks)
- Robotics and programming (especially Python and C++)
- Optimization and linear algebra

If you are interested, please directly send an email to the PI, who will contact selective candidates to schedule interviews.



<p style="margin-bottom:2.0cm"> </p>


<hr />